reference/tools/download: update br-related docs (#1729)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/br.md

Each of the above three sub-commands might still include the following three sub-commands to specify the scope of an operation:

* `full`: used to back up or restore all the cluster data.

> * `db`: used to backup or restore the specified database of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `db`: used to back up or restore the specified database of the cluster.
```
